# SCHOOLWORK_INFINITY

#The scope of this project is to make schooling easier, both for students and for teachers. Curriculum management is very hard for faculty members to do, so much so that a #curriculum manager is assigned in most schools. Having a website that allows curriculum to be chosen directly from a website opens up more resources for the school to use, or for #it to save some funding. Also, if curriculum is chosen from this website, students can be sure that the can find different sorts of help on said website, and will be inclined to #use it more. If a website that helps students is used more, it will raise the overall level of the school, and might actually motivate some students. I personally have experience #with such an application. It was called TenMarksTM. By doing assignments, you would earn coins to play games. The different types of games would allow a student to have a lot of #fun, while motivating them to study more. Since humans are trying to move off-screen more, I thought that real-world points being assigned would be a better concept. This website #would also become a platform for homework submissions and other such activities, kind of like Google ClassroomTM. Along with helping in-school, this project would help students #with their projects. It would help pick project mediums, and also provide content points for these project. I also want it to eventually include a review-system to further #enhance the experience that students receive from my website.
